xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 12/03/09 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

It looks as though Sir Creed has done none other than the unthinkable.  He deleted your folder which included both of our last entries in JordanRead.  Has he ever not heard that that is the 4th worst sin imaginable?  For the record books that Captain Moroni will abridge at a much later time, it included the conclusion of our debate on free will, JDAWGZZZ getting knocked from the ranks of the employed and Kenni Lee’s softened heart following said tragic incident.

I am going to make a few entries in here for some goddamn nostalgia.  I am going to print out copies and givest thou one for Jesus’ birthday party with these new, unreleased, unread by JDAWGZZZ entries.  You’re going to get your goddamn mind blown.  You’re welcome, btw.  This really is a really nice thing for me to do.  Now it is in my hands, the responsibility of wrapping up the greatest story ever told.

How about 40KUSDGF’s own mother giving me health tips?  Good times.  There’s something hilarious that my finger can’t pinpoint about that experience of mine.

His name is Cody Plox
He loves to suck dudes’ rocks
But only if they have chicken pox
Cuz it looks like an STD

Critical acclaim:
“Clever, disgusting, and something I would never do.”
-Cool Cory Bro

“It wasn’t as bad as I thought it would be.”
-Shayne Ramone

“Mixing the real with the absurd.”
-Buzz Aldrin

Las Vegas is going to be extremely fun.  I sure hope you go, btw.  Great memories, great fun, great atmosphere.  TheBigLeagues.com

Super Cool Cory Bro: 34’s Sexy Nurse Edition

I have a badass idea for a photoshop, and here I shall lie it down, unseen by JDAWGZZZ IRL until I finish.  It makes it more hilarious to just drop a fully finished bombshell on you, so I shall keep it secret for the time being.  But here it is:
Super Cool Cory Bro on the SNES Super Star Wars game.  Cory as Luke on the cover, you, me and 34 also on there, and 34 has a sexy nurse about his arm.  I’m going to put all of the current photoshops in this here printout for some goddamn hard-copied lulz.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 12/04/09 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

JDAWGZZZ’s idea of Super Cool Cory Bro >>> Kenni Lee’s idea of such.  Admittance.

So I chitchatted with Gravid Igger today concerning matters pertaining to religious beliefs.  He says he believes that some God/ creature/ computer would not like it if he unleashed the science he “knows” to explain how God exists.  Somehow the secret lies in the “fact” that consciousness and love lie outside of science.  To me it sounds like some looped up reasoning to me.  He wasn’t annoyed at my blasphemy though, and I gave him a brief summary on our BadGasm idea and he seemed to like it.  He said he can’t morally be a part of it because the god/ creature/ computer would disown him or something.  But all of this weird mumbo-jumbo gets me intrigued on an idea and things.  It would be very interesting to witness a conversation between Sr. Gravid and Mr. Rozz Berkley.  We should set that shit up.

I had a conversation with Andrew “War is where I belong” Martin today.  He said he just wants to kill some of what I called “sand niggers” and that he can’t use the word “nigger” for some reason.  Hmmm.  If he ever does, he should film himself killing a sand nigger so we can put it on BadGasm.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 12/10/09 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

“2 tickets to Paul Blart: Mall Cop Please!”
Goddamn Dr. Cool Guy Cory brings some epic lulz.  We brought that up again at a buffet we went to with the whole group (me, 34, Bandit, CCB, Jiason, Scott, Gator and Joe), and that was a huge hit with Jiason’s friends.  It looks as though The Big Leagues upped their street cred with no thanks to JDAWGZZZ.  Eek.

Scott was very fun to ill with.  He invited whoever wanted to stay at his house in Seattle if anyone ever went there.  Brute Force and I want to go up there in Jan or Feb if possible.  You should at least go there if we go.

Curtis Orton on Andrew Meek when I told him about his shitty lyrics: “What a nerd.  I hate him.  What a maroon.”

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 12/15/09 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Mario's House of Video Games: Where floods happen because of poor plumbing maintenance and part of the ceiling collapses because of another flood from above.  Aka where a kid can be a kid.

A guy with some lady I assume to be his wife: “It's Jimmy Neutron!  The kids can't watch that?”
Lady: “No!”
Guy: “Damn mormons.”
Lady: “It's the fact that he's disrespectful.”

WTF?  People actually disallow Jimmy Neutron to their kids?  Also the guy is cool.  The lady is a bitch.  Proof that men >>> women?  Shouldn't it be obvious that extreme sheltering is a TRBL idea?  Eek, to me it seems obvious to me, eek.

BRUTE FIDGET
Kid tested, mother approved.

BOARDGASM
The spiritual successor of Stratego where you win by fucking your opponent's Heavenly Mother!  Dump her body into the lake and win the victory!  Or else you can just go ahead and regret your lost chance...

Just a little LittleBigPlanet rant
There’s just one little beef I have with this game.  Ever heard of automatic plane-setting?  IDK what the official term is, but goddamn it’s obnoxious at times.  It seems like that will single-handedly date the game in the near future.  Tsk tsk tsk.  LittleBigPlanet?  LittleBigProblem is more like it.  HOOWAH!  Catch my hilarious joke that 34 would’ve liked because somehow he has humour >>> than ours even though he embarrassingly fails at laughing at his new kickass and hilarious nickname?  The goods were plenty in LBP: the artwork, physics, music (most of the time) and level design.  Overall I’d probably give it a 9.4/10.

I was telling Antiperspirant Dave to play God of War, and he said he was going on a mission in February.  I told him he needs to realize he’s going to feel the spirit for 2 years straight, he needs to take a breather for a week to play GoW I&II and that Satan makes me feel good, so he won’t regret it.  And I challenged God to a fencing dual on a I-beam 1,000 US feet above the earth.  Needless to say, a few “Eeks” were sent my way.

This pitchblack nigger has a hot as shit white girlfriend.  I bet their kid will be stunning.

JDAWGZZZ: I’m feeling quite a bit less Cory since I had some of your coffee, Kenni Lee.
Kenni Lee: Hm.  That’s weird, cause I gave you decaf.
JDAWGZZZ: WAAAAH?!

Kenni Lee’s 3 USD coffee™  Have some®

Kenni Lee inherits a family heirloom in the form of a cotton gin from a dead relative.  Kenni Lee’s slave-owning ancestry encourages him to offend black people.  But the fear of the consequences convinces him to play it off as his ancestor’s soul trapped inside his body, allowing him his God/ US government-given right of free speech for once.  Then a heart-felt apology ends the ‘sode.

Cuz you an N.I.G.
And I got a G.I.N.
Gonna stuff ya nig
Into my cotton gin

…Imagine a world where Romancing the Stone actually happened…
…Then imagine it being invaded by zombies…
…Finally introducing the official sequel to Romancing the Stone…

Necromancing the Stone

40KUSDGF wants my phone number lol.  I told her I’d give it to her if she impresses me with something witty.  Now only time will tell if she obtains my number.  That would be really weird if she was texting me all the time.  She is packing some serious ballistas for a girl her age btw.  I looked.  I guilted.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 12/16/09 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

After recent flooding problems and leaks and shit in the mall, they sent out a memo to all stores that reads as follows:
We are sending out this memo to remind everyone that feminine hygiene products (including tampons and napkins) should NOT be flushed down the toilet.  This has happened too often in recent weeks and needs to stop.  The plumbing in the mall will not withstand this kind of abuse.

I’m fairly sure that this memo was my doing.  I called customer service today to complain about more leakage from the ceiling.  A mall cop came in to inspect (the one with the flashing lights in the parking lot that annoyed me), and they started questioning other places.  Coincidentally (or is it?) they brought around that memo not an hour following.  But, had I had more power like I should have had, it would’ve went a little like this (Kenni Lee’s idea of a memo):

It looks as though the females of yesteryear have delayed their highly desired credibility yet another large step.  If you ladies want us men of the world to respect you, don’t fuck up our plumbing with nasty ass PMS rags.  If we find any female doing so, we will be handing out newly designed “ONE FREE RAPE” coupon to every mall employee.  Do you really want to destroy the very society we worked so hard to build?  Work together women, that’s what us men have done, and we have discovered and invented some great things.  Like tampons and plumbing.

Somehow I’m thinking the “plumbing in the mall will not withstand this kind of abuse” is much more personal attack-esque than anything I said.  Lol women’s extremely nasty, bloody garbage even causes problem, and it says so in legal, Paul Blart writing.

Would you rather be a PMS rag or a cumrag?
	a. PMS rag (it may be blood, but it comes from a fertile squish)
	b. Cumrag (it may be sperm, but it comes from Andy Meek and lands on 34’s 			sister.  And ultra eek defense mode if he ever reads this)

EPISODE IDEA:
Bandit sees a commercial for a new product (New! Toilet-safe tampons that men can’t get pissed off, disgusted and rape us for!) and decides that it’s reason to celebrate.  He invites plenty of women over to use and flush them all down his toilet, but when his plumbing goes awry, he realizes that the product was not what it claimed to be.

All I can think about is watching porn while being really baked, having the day off of work tomorrow and how cool tampons and the related bloodening of a female’s most privates are.  Every woman is truly a disgusting whore.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 12/18/09 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

I’m glad we have 3 backup sitcoms to do since that pornographic website is out of the question.  What one should we do first?
	a. My Two Cory’s
	b. The Suite Life of Greg and Cory
	c. My Three Nephites

So JDAWGZZZ has as much confidence in our ability to create interesting female characters as Bandit has in our ability to create interesting dialogue, eh?

Hentai Episode Revisited:
Kenni Lee takes acid, and on his trip he imagines the world around him as an anime.  He follows LipJob to school and witnesses history.  He wakes up the next day thinking it was a dream, but is surprised to find that the events actually did occur.  I like this idea because the possibility is opened to doing a live action ‘sode of the same events with drugged out Kenni Lee following school children, cheering and wooing in amazement like he’s watching an episode of that pornographic sitcom he writes for.

Games People Play With USD Batteries and Broken Modded XBOXes
The Kenni Lee and Greg Wilson Story

First off, you see, there’s Maximum Murder.  Rules are simple; defense gets 3 batteries, one king and 2 blockers.  They set them up in their open designated areas in any number of strategic positions to minimize the offense’s chances of knocking down their king.  The offense has 2 batteries to roll down the slanted surface of the back of the Xbox to achieve the goal of knocking down the king.  There’s even a new, kickass scoreboard system built into the Xbox!

Then, you see, there’s Homicide Department.  Rules are also simple; 2 people, sitting at equal distances away from the Xbox, holding a stood up battery on it’s back, attempt to knock it down by throwing another battery at it.  The first throw is called “Starting the Bidding.”  If one knocks the battery down, the next throw can be a “Dub-er-Nuth.”  If successful, it gives the thrower a point and takes a point from the opponent.  If unsuccessful, it gives the opponent one point.  If each player runs out of batteries with the same points, you enter the tie-breaker, aka “A Bad Economy,” and goes until one player out throws the other in equal throws.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 12/20/09 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Girl’s friend’s part:
You got him!
You love him!
You need him!

My friend’s part:
You had her!
You lost her!
You blew it!

Girl:
Comforting words
Shallow relief
Let’s just get
This over with

Me:
I make mistakes
It’s who I am
I thought you loved me
You still can

Then overlap the melodies for the girl and her friend to sing, then me and whoever fits in the story for ultra-romance-female-cunt-wettening-Edward-Cullen-Jacob-Bella-Stephanie-Meyer-confessions-of-a-highschool-werewolf.

Jason ended up with Joe’s white elephant gift, a DVD of Paul Blart: Mall Cop.  Jason’s gift that he brought was 2 tickets to any movie, which was ungifted right after Paul Blart was.  Cool cory, eh bro?

Michael Black has got himself some lackeys.  That’s pretty awesome and well-deserved.  Now I just wish his group was The Big League’s lackey and things.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 12/22/09 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Andy Meek was more fun last night than ever before, neh?  Looks like you 2 are good pals and things.  Now you just need to tell him that it’s important to spend time with family and that your grandma cooks really well after you don’t actually spend time with your family or eat your delicious grandma’s cooking.

Lol Andy met Bandit and me at McDonald’s, and he said something about a triple combination that he needs to get Evelynne (his GF whom’s name I shan’t know the writing of, but she’s hot, and he blushed when I found out he got to 1st base with her).  I started singing “Triple combinations, bringing down the nation, how far will we let this go?” and I got the best lulz-response from Andy I’ve received since before his mission.
/NBFD.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 12/23/09 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Tomorrow’s Christmas Eve so EH.

Enoch read a lot of JordanReadMmmmk when I left my thumbdrive in the computer.  He had some good lulz he said.  He loves the ChadGasm idea, and BadGasm in general.  He said, “I loved when I first started here, JDAWGZZZ said I looked like I belonged in a mormon-core pop-punk band, and near the end when you guys started calling me Creed.”  So Creed loves JordanRead.  Compliment fulfilled.

Also, Creed is not responsible for the 3rd installment of the 110 lost pages.  He wanted to clarify that and whatnot.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 12/24/09 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

I am so goddamn glad I don’t have to answer anymore, “What games are good for little kids?” questions after today.  Also, stupid goddamn Mexicans should consider reading off titles of DS and PSP games instead of just pointing and saying, “that one, that one.”

Lost in Shadow looks awesome/ an artistic ripoff of Ico and SotC, but awesome nonetheless.  I want to play it.

Here’s some good ol’ delicious Bates family gossip you may enjoy, but to set it up: my uncle came in, and informed me that our yearly Christmas party was cancelled.  When I asked why, he said it was because my mom was going to St. George when we were supposed to have it.  I told him it would be extremely easy to reschedule, which it would, and he seemed quite hesitant to agree.  I was a tad suspicious, and I found out why just last night.  And apparently my bishop of an uncle told a little fib on me.  Was it to keep me innocent?  Was it to protect the undeserving image of a cousin of mine?  Apparently it was.  My smitty R.M. cousin (not his son) who lives in Arizona recently got arrested for some sexual stuff involving a minor on the internets and/or something to do with child pornography.  LipJob Jr. is what I’ll call him.  A funny tidbit is he was engaged and planning on getting married yesterday.  Why that would stop the rest of us from having a grand old time is beyond me, but one thing is for certain, he did a complete dumbfuck thing, and it’s not going to get away from him.  Typical mormon ignorance and fact-denying sky-hookery.  I can’t help but imagine the parallel universe in which he wasn’t raised a smitty, where sexual pleasure isn’t frowned upon almost as much as maximum murder, and this incident not even giving him one moment’s entertainment.

Given that and Patric’s recent shitbaggery of a situation, we tagged this Christmas as the Bates family’s worst Christmas ever.  Eek!

Let’s seriously consider hanging out with a baby.  4th Man NE1?

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 12/26/09 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

So I went to my grandma's house yesterday for Christmas.  She showed us a more recent picture of my cousin's family with the guy who got arrested for sexual shit with a child and also with the adopted girls from Russia, one of whom is hot hot heat.  She changed her style quite a bit since last time I saw her.  She didn't look slutty, but she would look quite yummy if she did.  She should be on a 'sode of BadGasm.  Kenni Lee fucks his own cousin (kind of) omfg!

My mom gave me a digital video recorder for Christmas.  I doubt it's too high quality, but we can use that to experiment with BadGasm shit until we get a high end one.  I can even upload the videos we record to my personal computer and edit them for some upper-middle class lulz!  She had no idea what she was supporting.  I feel like a pre-teen girl who is pissed off at her dad so she does some underage porn.  Remember those jokes about scoping out the young girls who are pissed off at their fathers?  Good jokes.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 12/27/09 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Patric is a genius.  He knows photoshop, illustrator, indesign, flash, etc.  Add all of these skills to the singular purpose of JordanRead and what do you have?  What you are currently reading somewhere else in space, somewhen else in time than what I am writing in.

Yesterday was busy enough to not be able to write everything I wanted.  Jonas (Patric’s eldest son, aged 10) at the Christmas Eve get-together at my mother’s house was quoting off internet-originated lulz (ex. “I can haz ur chezburger?”).  Needles-to-hay (hi 34’s humour!), I was impressed, expressed it, asked him if he knew what “plox” meant, and he said, “Please. Duh.”  So yup, I thought of you (eek).  If you ever want to know what a mixture of you and Lewis would be, just look at Jonas Crank Bates.

It’s hard to believe that only 10 years ago, school shootings, bombings in Oklahoma City and Y2K were legitimate threats, 9/11 was not, and instead of sand niggers, George W. Bush or Kanye West at the thrown of World’s Most Hated, the idea of a half-black man leading our country was.  I mean, seriously, who would’ve thought a guy who had one half of his evolutionary heritage occur in Africa could seriously pose a threat come election time to a pure American man who was a lackey to war people for 8 goddamn years?  Martin Luther King Jr. and that stupid bus bitch got their way.

It’s hard to believe that in only 10 years, jews will once again hold their rightful place on that grandiose throne thanks to a hefty retaliation against the Islam community.  The Mormons will then throw in their 2 cents with the Stripling Warriors: Next Generation, Catholicism will join forces with NAMBLA and effectively destroy all condoms and birth control, the negro race will resurrect Hurricane Katrina in the Mediterranean with their high-end technology, the poor Indian Hindu will resurrect the Tsunami in the Indian Ocean, the white Al Gore will not cease driving their CO2 emitting cars, furthering Global Warming and pushing shorelines up by miles, the undeserving half black man will continue winning Nobel Peace Prizes and Warren Jeffs will ransack NASA and detonate nuclear warheads on the dark side of the moon to get the moon quakers in on all this war, pushing it twice as close, causing tides in much greater scale and cracking the crust to unveil what was previously unknown molten rock.  And all of a sudden, Jesus Christ then hosts a glorious Sacrament Meeting at Adam-Ondi-Ahman.
/Official prophecy by God™

And there I went into some shitty joke of a hand-out schedule for the sacrament meeting.

And another flood in Mario’s.  This time really contained, but smells extremely bad.  Not like urine, but like tampons, perhaps?  IDK.  Except ever heard of getting worse?  The Paul Blart of the PTC was an extreme idiot and said that he couldn’t go around ordering people to not use water (the cause of the flooding) so I had to go do it.  You should’ve seen my charisma eek.  So here I sit, over an hour after closing, waiting for the flooding to go down and for Bandit and CCB to arrive so I’m not bored as fuck.  I’m sure glad you’re a part of my experience by reading this.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 12/30/09 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Introduction to ChadGasm:
MORMONISM™ IS TRUE
BUT THE TRUTH HAS BEEN POLLUTED
HERE IS HOW THE REAL STORY WENT
THE MORMON CHURCH CAN NOW GET OUT OF THEIR “DARK AGE” SLUMP
AND WHEN I SAY “DARK AGE”, I DON’T MEAN WHEN THEY WERE AN OFFICIAL RACIST ORGANIZATION
THAT WAS NOT COOL
BUT LUCKILY THEY HAVE THIS GAME TO FIX ANY ERRORS
YOU ARE WELCOME, THOMAS S. MONSON
BOYD K. PACKER IS STILL A FAG
HE IS NOT A REAL APOSTLE
MASTURBATION LEADS TO HOMOSEXUALITY LOL?
DON’T LISTEN TO HIM
NOW INTRODUCING THE RE-RESTORATION OF THE TRUE GOSPEL THAT WAS LOST IN RACISM, POLYGAMY AND FALSE PROPHECIES
I WILL NOT BLOW IT LIKE JOSEPH SMITH DID
I WILL ALSO NOT MARRY ANY 14 YEAR OLD GIRLS

CHADGASM: A PROCLAMATION TO THE WORLD

I’ve been thinking a lot about BadGasm inc. lately.  I don’t think the idea of having 15 minutes of porn every episode is going to stay fresh in the long run.  Perhaps we shall just write an obscene, offensive sitcom that occasionally has hardcore sex in it if the story or a joke calls for it.  That’ll open us up to anything we want to do and we could get away with making a show without a subscription since we will only rarely have to pay for a pornstar.  Also, there will be a way better chance of getting picked up by some network like HBO or Showtime.  Perhaps there’s less chance of making serious internet cash, but that’s not really what I care for anyhow.  If you want to do an internet story/porn, we can just go our separate ways and be rivals etc.  That’ll be fun times!

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 12/31/09 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

You missed a grand opportunity to hang out with a man of color last night.  Also, Scott got high for his first time ever.  Good times.

Well, it’s that time of year again.  Kenni Lee hates 95% of humanity.  Here’s a little hate speech:

Top 10 Stupidest Types of People:

10) Slump Bandit.

9) Soccer/ hockey moms/ authors of Going Rogue/ Kevin Trudeau.

8) Shitty faggot Bandit.  SRSLY, if I were him and he were me, and we were back in ’93, and we had it all and all was well, I’d just off myself.

7) Over-the-top hippies who are opposed to anything that’s not “organic” that they protest the growing of food with chemicals that could potentially save billions of lives.  Penn & Teller are with me on this one.

6) People with shitty humour like those 6 year old girls who suck you in with Kirby and suicide you off the edge and just love it.  Also those who aren’t 6 year old girls but seem to really have much in common with them.

5) 6 year old girls.

4) I live in a trailer park, yet I have to disown my kind and say white trash Nascar fans.  They smell funny and have poor family lives (every single one molests children).

3) Mooches.  Get shit done yourself, yo, or compensate heavily.

2) Large truck-driving, orange-tanned, muscular and extremely nicely shaven it’s disgusting faggots of society.

1) The only people stupider than the unnecessarily large truck-driving, orange-tanned yos who get hot girlfriends are the girls themselves.  Girls take #1.

I’ve been working on the final temple for ChadGasm.  I think I have a cool idea.  Imagine a Castlevania castle mixed with a Zelda dungeon with multiple floors.  You can move between 2D layers in certain areas similar to the stairs in Zelda.

You gotta love pissed off customers.  So here’s the story:
A guy comes in with a broken Yobo N64 controller that he bought on 10/09/09 demanding a refund.  I informed him that it was past the 60 day warranty and he starts freaking out, threatening to take us to court.  He demands to talk to my boss (Hot Holly), so I call her and hand the phone to him.  He’s freaking out all pissed off like, saying “it’s not about the money, but that it’s about the principle.  I make a lot of money, I can buy anything I want.”  He hangs up on her, and I say, “You sounded cool there, saying you have a lot of money.  And you’re willing to go to court for $10 when you’re rich?”  He just storms off calling me a “fuckhead,” and I just laugh while saying, “hahaha fuckhead.”  Then when he gets out of my sight, he throws the controller at the wall by the stand-up display.  Looks like he has no case in court eek.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 01/01/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

LET US ALL PLEAD WITH THE LORD ALMIGHTY THAT HE FINALLY COMES BACK THIS DECADE.  I JUST CAN’T TAKE HALF-BLACK MEN SRSLY.  SRSLY.

Fat, pimpled, sweaty bitches asking for Twilight is the same as or equal to fat, pimpled, sweaty guys asking for porn.  Society has got it all wrong.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 01/07/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Seattle: the home of cool markets and hot strippers.  Kenni Lee got the most amazing lapdance he has ever had.  The strippers here let you go all hands on and whatnot, and I got this stripper who was seriously 9.8/10.  She’s grinding my junk while I’m grabbing her titties and shit, what’s not to get a boner aboot?  She had total rocktit and I had total rockchubz.  Goddamn that girl is going to make some guys cum so pre-maritally hard.

Scott’s house is rad, it’s set in a hilled up area above a lake.  He has quite the large house for a single man such as himself.  We put on some RBF on the drive back to his house one night, and we were all (except Greg since he isn’t familiar with the Fish) singing and shit together.  It sounds gay, but it wasn’t.  It wasn’t.  It wasn’t gay.

List of jokes made by everyone that everyone enjoied:
Sister Lemon/ free KSL shirt wearing sandals (racial slur for Tongans)
The story: we see a “welcome home Sister Lemon” sign forged from cups in a fence of an overpass just north of Ogden on our drive up.  We hilariously make lulz of such, leading to Patric finding pictures of her on her mission with some nasty Tongan ladies with moustaches on facebook, getting her address and phone number, then Greg calling her.  Unfortunately for us all, it was the wrong Sister Lemon.  Then jokes about how Tongans always wear free KSL ad shirts, basketball shorts and worn down sandals arose.

List of jokes made by Greg and Kenni Lee that everyone disenjoied after 30 minutes:
Meatball lady/ CCB’s fetish of bondage eventually leads him to snuff film ejaculations/ Parley P. Prad! Prad! Prad!/ Josnuff Smith/ pocketwatch incident in the Carthage Jail/ Powersnuff Girls/ Double Snuff Coreo, etc:

“The first, how you say, a snuff film on blu-ray!  Snuffless in Seattle!  Now with a new, how you say, scratch & snuff sticker!  If it smell like bowl of rose, you win a trip to the Granddaddy of them all in Pasadena, California!”
“How you say a Rude Gude with a mean ‘tude got a shot by the muslims in the pocketwatch in the 9/11 by a, how you say, airplane and got pushed back into the 9/11”
/probably not funny to you since you weren’t there eek.  You would’ve been lulling all the way to the bank with us, though.  I assure you that 34 had a lot of good face palms.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 01/08/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

“ULTRA SATAN POWER SNUFF
SULTRY SATIN FLOWER SNIFF
PANTRY FLATTENED SOUR WHIFF
PANHANDLE JACKET TOWER WHIP
HAND-FREE HEADSET JACK BAUER FLIP”
/Poetics 1010, Chapter “Train of Thought” pg. 404-422, exercise 11.a^2(pi)

SISTER LEMON!  GET YOUR LIPS OUT FROM AROUND THAT FREE KSL COCK YA LIL’ SHIT!
/A joke for the masses, and the molasses ain’t you

So the boyfriend of a friend of Janae’s came in and said he came over to my mom’s house to hang out with Janae a while back and I was there, and I remembered that Squirrel Treats was there as well, so I asked if a girl was with me, and he said, “Yeah, and she was really good looking.”  And then Chris (Ludachris) came in and said, “his ex-girlfriend is hot.”  So yeah, other guys think my ex-girlfriend is hot.  I’m just that cool.

CHADGASM LYRICS
He's the one
Who destroys all the things that they love
He's havin' fun
Crushin' their beliefs from above

He's the guy
Who shoves his fist in the sky
Don’t ask why
Snortin’ cocaine to get high

Grabbin' them titties and pussies to lick 'em
Oh my fuckin' God it's fuckin' Brother Brigham

Kill, Khop, Kum™ Productions presents snuff for the first time ever on Blu-Ray

LipJob: I never would’ve thought my soul mate would end up being my cell mate.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 01/20/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

I think I’m going to fuck the shit out of 40KUSDGF when she turns 18.  That’s not too distant in the future eek.  She’s screaming, her tits are bouncing like mad as she pumps her naked body up and down on my hairy cock, my couch bed violently rustling under the weight of both of us and I end it with cumming on her huge, then-of-age tits.  I can imagine my conscience immediately guilting my lost chance once I reach the point of no return, and I won’t help but parallel that guilty feeling to masturbating to the point of no return while trying desperately to be a worthy enough Smitty to return home to my father in heaven with honor.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 01/21/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

LOLOLOLOLOL COOL CORY BRO’S VENTURE INTO THE WORLD OF EXPLOSIVE VOMIT AND FURTHER SOLIDIFYING HIMSELF AS A SICK GODDAMN FUCK.

Think of this trio possibly living together: Patric, 34 and Greg.  That will happen if Bandit doesn’t move in.  I gotta say I like the prospect of Greg living there more, just because it would probably mean he would be around our group more often, whereas Bandit is already a prominent member.  Methinks you should get a job and move in to a house or an apartment with Cory and the loser of Bandit/Greg.  Then this time you and one of those two can have your house linger with the smell of CCB vomit.  But I don’t see Greg living with Cory, they just aren’t compatible.

Settlers of Catan is a tremendous game.  Cities & Knights is pretty fun, but I’m not a big fan of the imbalanced “Spy” card that lets whoever uses it look at any player’s whole hand of power cards or whatever they’re called and take the one they want.  I think we’re all going to pitch in to get Seafarers.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 01/26/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Hold out your hand…cured.

“I’m not used to being the butt of everyone’s jokes,” says Cory.
“…Really?” says Kenni Lee

Follow JDAWGZZZ, Kenni Lee and Bandit in their new RPG video game:
SLUMBERING DRAGON: A Personal Attack
Join in on their epic journey through many lands to find out the ancient secret behind yourself.  Uncover your own inner demons as the BadGasm guys (ever heard of us?) pull you out of your slump in this romp of an adventure we like to call SLUMBERING DRAGON: A Personal Attack.

The idea is this: you (as in everyone in the world minus the greatest Trio ever) play through an in depth storyline filled with lulz, heartache and intrigue, deciding where the Trio should make their way.  Depending on your specifically answered questions and your decisions on which way to send them exploring determines what your final outcome shall be.  We make every decision reveal something about the player, and in the end, each player fights their own personal SLUMBERING DRAGON.  You’ve never seen a video game get this personal before.  I imagine we’ll be getting complimentary psychology degrees as well.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 01/29/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

God of War III in only roughly approximately about a month and a half away!  OH MY FUCKING LUCKY TEARS IN HEAVEN WILL I BE PREGRETTING MY BETRAYAL INTO THE WONDEROUS WORLD OF GOD OF WARCRAFT III: THIS THRONE IS FROZEN EXCLAIMS KRATOS AS HE IS BITTERLY WELCOMED TO AWAKELIHOOD.  Who ever thought Kratos would bitch about a cold chair?

I had a dream last night that involved being at the Super Bowl, walking to the mall during half time, and encountering Thomas S. Monson and the first presidency walking like a badass street gang with no tears for fears on their sleeves for what they believes.  They looked large, in charge, and untouchably letharge.  And that’s only to say the least.  I imagined them being huge, spiritual giants of sorts, making their presence mean something, but they moved like the bullies in Simpsons move in Bart’s Nightmare.  Only one translation arose: Alma the Younger is a superstitious bitch.  My dream’s words, not mine.

So Ross’ parents have a pyramid that they built in their backyard lolololololologic.  Hold out your backyard…pyramid.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 01/30/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Day 1 of: JDAWGZZZ HOLDS A GRUDGE
Not nearly as interesting as JDAWGZZZ WEARS A HAT IMO

Self interest: On this topic, I don’t understand your stance.  I really don’t.  Since you already have a grudge against me, I suppose I’ll lay down a logic hammer on your sweet sweet surrender.  And here it is:

Your claim: It was in your self interest to end the game as quickly as you could, since you didn’t have any motivation to play (you couldn’t win) so you decide to try to give the game to Lewis.

My claim: By your logic, it was in my self interest to say nay to your lolly-gagging.  Not only was it in my own, it was also in the best interest of Greg and Jeff.  And since we were the only 3 who were trying to legitimately win, I believe I fought the good fight for good.  Also, the fact that the majority of the 5 playing were nay-sayers means a goddamn something.

Conclusion: I wish JORDANREAD was still in existence so we could debate.  This is just me spouting shit out to a future JDAWGZZZ who will agree with me by then:P  Goddamnit, this is not very fun anymore.  Also, if JRMK was still here, you’d be filling me in on Mass Effect 2 shit and making fun of me somehow for being a hypocrite.  I miss the good days, JDAWGZZZ, I miss them dearly.

In other news, Patric got an escort last night, and God of War II: Regretted it.  Waste of 200 USD IHHO.

Remember this whole type of thing?:
Goddamn Mexicans trying to barter.  WE’RE NOT TIJUANA THANK GOD IN HEAVEN.  Go to your shitty asshole of a place called the 3rd world country where capitalism and a high quality of life are nowhere to be found.  This don’t HM02 Fly here in the States, and Barack Obama is rolling over in his bed ATM.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 02/03/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

So I watched the anticipated Moon yesterday.  I have to say, it seems like a modern day sci-fi classic IMHO.  I give it a 9.0/10.

THE HORDE IS A NICE CHANGE OF GODDAMN PACE OMFG IMHO.  Too sucky WoW fucked your chance at a peaceful life.

K-Mart is goddamn trashy.  I waited in a line with no clerk while she who was supposed to be there stood a little off in a weak attempt at being hidden looking at me the whole time as to see if I was going to go to the next register or not, so I just went to the next register and she walks off right when I do.  Then the guy behind me smelled extremely bad.  The clerk was awkward, there was no music playing, and some super creepy asian guy was yelling at me from his car saying something about how he wants to sell me some thing that looked like a hairbrush.  Fuck trashy K-Mart.  I can’t remember Oakland all that much, but it seems like the whole city would be similar to the K-Mart environment.

Bandit slumps, JDAWGZZZ grumps and Kenni Lee dumps.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 02/09/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Hold out your $9.99…50 chicken mcnuggets.  Srsly though, that fat bitch was fat.  Lol at you guys thinking she’s hot somewhen else in time.

I gotta hand it to mother terrain, that goddamn broccoli/carrot/apple/tomato juice was grand.

“I find it elevating and exhilarating to discover the universe is capable of constructing complex molecular machines as intricate and subtle as we.”
- Drop of cry for Carl Sagan’s reasoned departure

Cory (noun)
Definition: Slanghand for “Cool Cory Bro.”
Synonym: CCB
Example sentence: We are heading over to the N-Word to help Kenni Lee and Jiason clean up Cory’s vomit and to smell cinnamon with 34 and Greg.

Cory (adj.)
Definition 1: The feeling of tiredness.
Example sentence: I’m feeling a lot less Cory since you gave me some of your famous 3 USD coffee, Kenni Lee.
Definition 2: Inability to stand or sit due to a mixture and excess of alcohol and marijuana in the bloodstream.

Cory (verb)
Definition: The act of jolting awake to immediately vomit, usually associated with abusing alcohol and marijuana together.
Example sentence: Cory, you seem pretty Cory, I don’t want you to Cory all over my trailerpark, so go home.  Also, you don’t make Greg laugh very often.

Awkward lulz were rewarded to me when I arrove at my Grandma’s open house thing in normal street clothes aka trailer trash jeans and a t-shirt and noticing everyone else was dressed in fancy cult clothes.  Imagine it.

JSU Cults and the Hole Shebang.

TRBL Super Bowl XLIV.  New Orleans Saints equal victorious over Austin Collie and his beloved Cult.  I find it fitting that he now belongs to 2 C(o)(u)lts.  31-17 was the final score, and GD it was intense as all ratbastard.  Good times.

Rank these clans in order of greatness:
Jazz, Pokemon, Mormon Lore (non-existent, but planned), Real Names (speculated) aka Chester, Blake, Devynn (with 2 “n”s)(But like he’d even play, he’s goddamn Devynn!), Jeffrey, Cory, etc.  I’ll leave a couple of lines so you can write it in with pen, since, IDK, you can’t reply via Word to my sincere lovelies.




xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 02/10/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

An unorganized group of 5 running an instance?  You bet it wasn’t that fun.  They waz all like, “Lez go” while I had no mana because they waz all rushed for a reason I hadn’t an idea existed, and “if this bitch pullz again, let her die” and all like shit like that.  I gotta say, our previous group of Boz, Dug, Couch and Willowshade >>> our group last night.  I remember I didn’t even really like that instance last time anyway.  Plus, I didn’t have any AOE spells yet, and Scott had a huge boner for pulling as many dudes as possible.  The later instances will be better when it’s Patterns, Brutefidget, Cumedy and Critorious.  IDK or anything, but that sounds like a sweet collection of individuals.

I’m just imagining how big of a boner you’ll have when you discover that I’ve been doing this whole section of JRMK behind your back.  And I know The O.C. and the Squirrel Treats/Kenni Lee relationship both so eloquently stated “NO MORE SECRETS!” but I think you’ll be pleasantly surprised.  Unless Bandit or 34 already told you, those goddamn assshitholes.

I can’t help but place some embarrassment on fat bitches with the words “Baby Girl” stitched into the asscheeks of their PJs.  Goddamn that’s a lot of chicken mcnuggets for $9.99.  I’m excited for Friday (starring Ice Cube falling in love with a bitch, who is coincidentally just a bitch) to take part in that swiggity of a deal.  Ice Cube goddamn betrayed hisself.  First he was all, “I’m the nigger you love to hate,” then he turned into a family-friendly-road-trip-taking asshole.  I guess that just proves that niggers will do anything for a USD, eh?  They missed out on quite a few paychecks for quite some time, so perhaps this is retaliation against the white man?  This war has begun, they will not take me as a mother fucking slave and they will not force me to sit in the back of any bus.  Black people should enslave Hispanics lol.  Somehow that sounds fitting and just.

BADGASM EPISODE – MARTIN LUTHER KING DAY:
The Trio gets caught in a time-loop without noticing.  They must now change the events in such a way to work their way out of this Groundhog Day-esque dilemma.  Coincidentally, it happens on Martin Luther King Day, giving the episode the same name.  Specifics later.

“All we had to do was not kill the negro!”

MLK just transported to our time, and thinks he’s living Martin Luther King Day every single day.

“IT’S MARTIN LUTHER KING DAY EVERY DAY!  BUT THE EVENTS ARE DIFFERENT EVERY TIME!” – MLK

IDK, that sounds pretty shitty.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 02/12/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

“My name West, Donkey Schlong LOLOLOL OMGosh!  That’s so funny!  I am on CollegeSchlong.com and OMHeck they have funny jokes that I just laugh my A off at!”

SRSLY though, if you’re going to be a pansy ass offended fool, just don’t fucking look at what offends you.  Goddamn, how hard to grasp is that concept?  It seems so goddamn obvious that I can’t help but purposefully offend the shit out that type of person just for retribution.  I feel unfairly treated when they shit all over my god-given right of free speech.  Also, there’s an extremely hot bitty on the couches.  Remember the Bailey twins a year younger than us at SHS?  She looks like she could be their sister.  Goddamn those twins were amazing in their King DeHayDay.  But seriously, republicans need to stop being such fucking asslickholes when they’re offended.  Grow some goddamn balls, America is the Big Leagues of the world, quit bad reppin’ all of us.

Lol Ironforge last night was so much fun.  And wtf to our server being completely shitten on?  It’s going to be super fun to instance it up with Patterns, Brutefidget and Cumedy.  I swear doing it with just us 3 would be tight as all 14 year old pussies.  Ask Joseph Smith.  Questing, leveling and singing songs and traveling around the world! (to the tune of the Russell Crowe SouthPark song btw).

It was way fun having Nick to hang out with for 2 days.  Goddamn him for not coming to Iggy’s for the Super Game though.  Tattin’ up Negro Black at Del Taco was super rad (hi Aquabats!).  We bought roughly 12 temporary tattoos that he stuck on himself for school and he looked pretty badass I gotta say.  I’m a fan of The Big Leagues: The Next Generation.  I’m also a fan of CSI: Miami: Deep Space Nine.  Super Game jokes with 34, Joe, Jiason, Michelle, Bryan and Patric were full of good times and good family fun.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 02/13/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

TIME FOR A NEW GODDAMN BADGASM GAME!
GRAND THEFT CORY:
Play as the sick fuck you’ve grown to love but kind of love in this new open world role playing game!  Eat fast food all you want, go to a bar and get hammered then go over to the trailer park to hang out with Kenni Lee, JDAWGZZZ, Bandit and 34 and get really high!  But be careful not to put to overdo it, because you will Cory all over!  Or just eat fruits and vegetables and hit the gym to become as healthy as the real life Cory!  Laugh at “Donkey Schlong” jokes!  Kidnap young females, rape them, kill them and then cum in their hair!  Live to be 95-105 years old!  Make Greg laugh only once!  DOESN’T THIS SOUND LIKE SOME GODDAMN FUN?

There’s a cute girl who works at GameStop who is from LA and just moved here in January.  She came in today and we just cutely chatted.  She’s a huge Pokemon fan, and owns more Pokemon shit than I do.  Goddamn.  I told her about our Pokemon tournaments and she lulled and enjoyed it.  Only the only thing is, is that all her college are in Goddamn Cougar John Mellencamp.  I wonder how serious about that goddamn cult she is.  Because, goddamn, I’d love to give her chubz as a Valentines Day animated .gif.  What a stupid joke of a holidayday.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 02/16/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

KENNI LEE’S IDEA OF A GOOD TIME:
So Jiason, 34 and I were talking about a certain possibility.  It involves us traveling around the globe, losing or gaining a whole day, by as many forms of transportation as we can.  Here’s our rough layout:
1) Fly via airplane from SLC to NYC
2) Sail via ship from NYC to LONDON
3) Train via train from LONDON to EASTERN RUSSIA (can’t remember how to spell the city) and make plenty of stops along the way in cool mofo cities
4) Sail via ship from RUSSIA to JAPAN
5) Monorail via monorail from NORTH JAPAN to TOKYO
6) Fly via airplane from TOKYO to ANCHORAGE
7) Rent a car and drive via car from ACHORAGE to SLC
8) ???
9) Profit

Then we thought that perhaps we should do it in reverse.  That way, we end our long adventure in tons of European cities aka awesome as fuck.  So yeah.  We’re pretty cool.

Another one of KENNI LEE’S 3USD IDEA OF A GOOD TIME:
TRAILER FRESH VEGGIES EEK.  Yup, you’re goddamn right.  Kenni Lee is considering starting up and maintaining a garden.  AT THE GODDAMN TRAILER PARK!  It just sounds like a peaceful, healthy hobby to be involved with; amazing exercise and good meditation time to reward you with some grand, fresh vegetables.  If that doesn’t scream HEALTH and COOL CORY BRO and 95-105 I just don’t know what does anymore.  If it really doesn’t, I really don’t.

But of course the investment needed requires upkeep and maintenance until the autumn, which I’m fine with unless we move out of state.  Which probably won’t happen, since 34 doesn’t have a job right now and you, CCB and Bandit say nay atm.  So fuck you guys, I’m starting a garden.  MAYBE.

IF WE MOVE OUT WE SHOULD PERHAPS MIGRATE SOUTH OF THE EQUATOR IDK JUST A THOUGHT TO THINK ABOUT WHEN YOU HAVEN’T A THOUGHT LEFT IN THE WORLD.  I KIND OF WISH WE COULD FIND A WHOLE CONTINENT THAT’S UNINHABITED THAT’S ALSO NOT ANTARCTICA SO WE COULD BE IRL NOMADS THAT WOULD BE KIND OF BADASS WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT JDAWGZZZ CRANK SMITH?  JUST FER A YEAR WE TRAVEL ALONGSIDE BUFFALO OR SOMETHING COLLECTING ITS RAD MEAT IN A BAG AND USE ITS CARCASS AS SHELTER FROM THE HARSH CLIMATE ON NABOO NOW I KNOW THAT’S PROBABLY NOT THE PLANET THEY WERE ON IN EMPIRE STRIKES BACK BUT I JUST WANTED TO APPEAL TO YOU BECAUSE YOU’RE KIND OF A NERD AND ALSO DIABETIC AND I DON’T EVER REMEMBER WATCHING THAT MOVIE ALL THE WAY THROUGH BECAUSE I’VE BEEN TOO BUSY CONTEMPLATING HOW A MAN GETS AS HEALTHY AS COOL CORY THEN I REALIZED THAT WAT? I DON’T NEED HIS APPROVAL AS A POLITICIAN TO SUCCEED IN POLITICAL POLITICS.  I TURNED OUT TO BE WHAT HE DESIRES TO KILL SO OMFG I’M GOING TO STAR IN THE NEW SEASON OF JACK BAUER: KILLPUPS THAT’S REALLY WHAT IT’S CALLED JEEDEE WHAT A STUPID NAME FOR A BULLETS ON BROADCAST.
/I’m done with spewing my zane.  I feel better now IYRWTK TYPLOX

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 02/17/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

NEW CREED LYRICS HERE YOU ARE TO BE AMUSED AT (I just copy-pasted them, so plenty of grammatical errors etc.):

Throw it Away
Oh how can i see or make it out 
your not too far from me should i think aloud
there is not a rime or reason to this state of mind
i have lost my sense of feeling oh I’m sick of wasting time

(Chorus 2 part)

Cause I am nothing more
than a man made out of stone
and I’ve lost control
to make it on my own
why am i so cold
did i forget my soul
i left it to you and now you’ve gone and thrown it away

oh what makes me live in this scene
a sign of silver line beckons filled with broken dreams
change your looks and maybe they will deem you king
its all a trap to lure you into fake beliefs

(Chorus 2 part)
But I am nothing more than a man made out of stone
and I’ve lost control to make it on my own
why am i so cold did i forget my soul
i left it to you and now you’ve gone and thrown it away

you tried to see
some of the good in me
to make me believe
you must decieve

come on lie to me

(Chorus 2 part)

I am nothing more than a man made out of stone
and I’ve lost control to make it on my own
why am i so cold did i forget my soul
i left it to you and now you’ve gone and thrown it away

Darkness:
Another Day
Another way to find myself in a situation
That i cant take i try to make it better
but it all just falls apart
and i dont know where to start
my life is so far away from
the things that i need most 
and i dont know where you are
but i am screaming out to you
to see me through the 

(Chorus)
Darkness i can see the light of day
i cant promise everything will be ok

what if i say
that every day i think of the way you looked at me
would you stay
would you say that every thing will be the same today
and i dont know why  play i am trying to get it out
singing to let it out of me
and i dont know what to say
to bring you back to me to see me through the

(Chorus)
Darkness i can see the light of day
i cant promise everything will be ok

and all i can do is pray
that he will bring you back to me
i need you through this

Darkness i can see the light of day
i cant promise everything will be ok

The Battle
Why do these poor men die?
We force them
Into the path of their guns
It sickens and kills me
To think
They die in vain

Soldiers fall by the millions
Have you had enough can you see it
And lifeless men contract the killing
Waging wars on pride, for selfish reasons

Can you see whats on the line
(Scream) War

But still this corioles effect
Changes my perspective again
i cant believe that this is true
but still i say that its ok
by turning my head away

why have we foresaken the fallen
putting aside the needs of others for ill desire
raising my head i can see you
trying to make believe its not true

Can you see whats on the line
(Scream) War

But still this corioles effect
Changes my perspective again
i cant believe that this is true
but still i say that its ok
by turning my head away

NO!!!

how can you think about it
Are you that insane? To take a life? 
Just think it over slowly 
Could you carry the weight of another?

Can I keep them away?
 No I won’t let it fade

i end this day with no regret
being the better man
i stay my blade and walk away from you
just drop your hate
youll be ok
its the choices that we make

that show us who we are

Break
Break me
and ill be left alone again on my side
turning around to the end of the line

Fake it
and i will find a way to buy time
im so far, so far away from my life

Say i 
go this path with you my friend
would you tear me down, like the countless others

(Chorus) 
i lay down my pride
im sitting here open wide
praying to heaven
that you can undersand
and i have spent
most of my time
sitting out on the side
waiting for someone to throw me in

Save me
it is my dying wish and cry
to tell you, all these problems of mine

to Be free
i must make amends
im sorry, so sorry i had to lie

(need another verse part)

(Chorus)
i lay down my pride
im sitting here open wide
praying to heaven
that you can undersand
and i have spent
most of my time
sitting out on the side
waiting for someone to throw me in

(add little escalating moment back to chorus then end)

I’m A Liar
Maybe lately ive been a little down
maybe you should get away, move to higher ground
they come for the chance to take away 
all thats good all thats good
They tear away my sense of pain 
all this sacrafice, for what?

So ill go

cast out from the croud to walk this path alone 
im sick of standing in your shadow move so i can show
Oh the pain of hell is what ive felt it can not help to be myself
every one is so typical enemy at the gates

So ill go

far away from all my friends 

Let Them know

and leave a letter for the rest 
another day another way to get me through this mess
ive got to go, got to get away from this
to tell the truth i am a liar and you know where they go

the pain im feeling
never realy needs to show
i can not help if 
i cannot let go

So ill go

far away from all my friends 

Let them know

and leave a letter for the rest 
another day another way to get me through this mess
ive got to go, got to get away from this
to tell the truth i am a liar and you know where they go
/Creed

In honor of reading a few more of Creed’s lyrics, here’s my own song in that oh so goddamn shitfucking TRBL style; my 3USD idea of Creed lyrics:

I just need to cry
I just want to die
How I wish I was at your side
But I can’t because of me and my lies

Chorus:
I hurt you
And you felt me
How I wish you knew
That I’m sorry for what you see
How you wish I knew
That you’re sorry for what I’ve come to be
But that’s just me

What I wouldn’t give to hold you
For when I did the time just flew
And that’s what I’ve come to need
Sitting here just letting it bleed
Oh it hurts
It hurts so badly
Oh my fucking god
I’m in a shitton of goddamn pain

I got extremely bored near the end.  Goddamn that style is so miraculously shitfucked.  I bet it took me far less time/line than it takes Creed.  The style has nothing going for it.  It uses stupid gory imagery for worthless emotions in a bitchy way and it’s too vague so it applies to any fucking emo whiny bitch.  So I guess some people like it, but they’re wrong.  I love shallow poetry that’s had a fat fucking lactating bitch spray warm milk all over it and left it out in the sun all day.

Levels of Fist Masters™:
Garden of Gethsemane
The Sacred Grove
Mecca
In front of Jesus’ crucifixion
Glen Beck Show set
Trailer (N-Word)
Holy of Holies

So I really wish I was playing WoW right now eek.  Who would’ve thought?  I’m excited to do some more instances with a bunch of 30+ level dawgz.  I now know evocation and conjure mana gem or whatever, so I’ll be able to keep up a lot easier aka exciting!

TOP 20 NON-MOVIE SERIES OF ALL TIME

20) ROBOT CHICKEN
Weird as fuck, very hit-or-miss, and super fast paced.  But pretty good all around.

19) POKEMON
From: Coming home from school everyday and faithfully recording every episode of Pokemon to: Top 20 show of all time 2010 style.  Spanning through 3 decades, I still love exclusively the first season.  After that, it all goes nonsensical IMHO.  But that’s the nature of Pokemon, the game-play in the video games have stayed fairly consistent through its lifespan, but the actual Pokemon have been steadily evolving less and less witty.  I’m sure the later seasons are TRBL, but I’m naïve to such, and I love the first 70-something episodes.

18) WONDERFALLS
Kenni Lee’s guilty pleasure.  I don’t know how to explain why I like it, and I think a lot of the reason why is because the main girl is someone who I’d bone a ton in my life if I had the chance.  Smart + sassy + living in a trailer park =  Kenni Lee + rock chubz.

17) DARK PLACE
Goddamn brits.  This show is fucking weird, but its uniqueness and zaniness make it something I’m quite interested in.

16) AQUA TEEN HUNGERFORCE
The writers of ATHF are able to make hilarious characters out of anything.  It’s very impressive.  This show is so goddamn weird, it’s almost impossible to explain, but it works.  I lul so much/minute in this high-octane romp :P

15) SCRUBS
To a show starting off great and living to see the day that they make a shitty episode about going to the Bahamas.  Scrubs.  The humour was fresh, the characters unique, balanced and well-placed, the storylines = meh, the acting usually pretty well done and oft times cheesy morals to end an episode.  80% legit, 20% guilty pleasure treasure:P

14) PLANET EARTH
This documentary on the variety of life on Earth has unbelievable private shots of rare species in very high-definition.  It seriously amazed me to see those, btw.  SRSLY.  IDK if you’ve watched this, but it’s pretty goddamn badass.

13) LOST
What most people say is true, and I’m not quite sure that they’ll be able to clean up the mess they’ve made.  There are too many goddamn mysteries going on at once and not enough solved to make up for it.  It gets confusing.  But in season 5 that I’ve been watching, they seem to have finally decided to give a couple of answers.  Right now, my placement is fair considering the story isn’t completely told, but it could go way up or way down depending if they knew all along what they were doing with the mysteries or if they were just shallowly giving cliff hangers for the sake of a crazy ending.

12) DEXTER
A crime-drama that’s not CSI:Miami:Space or 24 am I serious?!?!  Instead of being a boring 1-dimensional detective or an unbelievably energetic lacky to president people, Dexter is a believable man living a somewhat believable life.  He works as a blood splatter analyst for a job and kills murderers who escape or don’t deserve the judicial system.  The stories are intricately woven and impressively executed through great acting from some of the leading roles.  Too much depth is given to characters that I don’t give a fuck about, and a couple of the lines should’ve been thought out better, but at least there’s some super hot nudity action and moral dilemmas running rampant.

11) FUTURAMA
Following the departure from The Simpsons, Matt Groening started up Futurama.  Creating a worthy follow-up to the greatest cartoon of all time does not seem easy, yet I think he succeeded for the large part.  Great show some of the time, mediocre other times.  I also have to be in the mood more than most shows so that kinda hurts it’s score.

10) SEINFELD
What can I say but Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David are funny and help make each other more funny?  Either of them solo isn’t nearly as good; Curb Your Enthusiasm has some lulz, but it’s often bland, slow-moving, and a little too zany than I like my social commentary to be.  The Bee Movie is another story all together :P  But seriously, I love this show; great acting, revolutionary for a reason and quite oft times witty.  And I love wit just as much as the next guy (Scot Swan aka Swan song aka Brian’s Song).

9) GOOD EATS
Alton Brown is one of the coolest mofos this planet has ever had to offer.  He mixes the love and art of cooking along with its science and history.  He encourages the viewer to have a scientific mind and he’s very genuine and passionate about everything he does a show on.  And he’s done 13 seasons of this, so he’s obviously legit.

8) FLIGHT OF THE CONCHORDS
This show took the whole Bates family by storm.  Perhaps Bryan’s lulziest lulz were created when he elephant gifted the fruits named in “Mutha Uckas,” and with a tad bit of luck, my aunt who opened it named them off in correct order and with the correct phrasing.  All who got the joke were lulling about that for plenty of hours.  But about the show: the songs are cleverly worded, have a poppy feel to them, they have good singing voices, the dialogue is lulz-worthy and the characters are likeable and entertaining.  Bad side?  They used up 95% of the songs they had written for years prior for the 1st season, meaning the 2nd season’s songs were written for the show, whereas the 1st season was written for the songs.  The story and dialogue in season 2 is top-notch, but the songs are not.

7) FAMILY GUY
I loved the first 3 seasons of Family Guy.  They brought it back.  I loved it for the first reunion season.  I realized the basic formula to writing a Family Guy episode.  I started player hating it.  I then stopped my bias and started watching with a different attitude.  I’ve loved it ever since.  The end.

6) THE OFFICE
It seems like The Office has hit a good balance of humour styles with Michael, Dwight and Jim as the main characters.  They’re all very funny in their own way, and very well acted.  And call me a fag, but I don’t mind the Jim and Pam relationship plotline.  Sometimes, though, some of Michael’s lines seem pretty formulaic.

5) SOUTH PARK
From grade 6-9, I heard the phrase, “Oh my God! They killed Kenny!” basically every school day.  That gave me a very bad taste for South Park for a long time.  Goddamn the stupid people who would say that were so goddamn stupid.  But then I watched it and loved it.  Some of the episodes are extremely pointless and unfunny, but the majority are solid.  Even episodes in season 13 are really good.  They only make 14 or so episodes per season so less than the average American sitcom, but I still think they’ve stayed very consistent for how many episodes they’ve made.

4) TIM AND ERIC AWESOME SHOW GREAT JOB!
Kenni Lee’s 3USD Most Underrated Show of All Time Great Job! Award gets granted to TaEASGJ!  The humour is very unique and needs a lot of acquiring for most people, but not for me.  I loved this show immediately.  Somehow it fits me, and it fits me well.  Super zany antics, off the wall randomness and a hint of genius = recipe for success.

3) THE SIMPSONS
Easily the most influential modern cartoon, and arguably the most influential television show in modern TV history is The Simpsons.  This show combined some obvious, yet funny jokes for the newcomers and casual watchers while piling a lot of dry, subtle intelligence into it to create some die-hard followers.  Now since it’s been 11-12 (can’t remember, don’t follow what season they are on now) years since the golden age (season 4-9), the old episodes are still as entertaining as it ever was.  It’s definitely not as sugary and easy to enjoy as its child Family Guy, but that’s what gives it the replay value IMHO.

2) ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT
The greatest comedy of all time for reasons I’ve gone into plenty of times with you.  The characters are all unique, deep, balanced, hilarious and work together really well, the writing is amazing, the overall style is unique with the situation and the narration, and all of it just fits together perfectly.  The only thing you can say bad about it is the rare Tobias slapstick joke and the retard.  And even what you would consider a slapstick joke often has some actual meaning for being there.

1) COSMOS
Of all the television I’ve watched, I’m no more grateful for any of them as I am for Carl Sagan’s Cosmos.  My favorite person of all time giving a heart felt history of the subject that he’s spent his whole life on, for the pure reason of bringing more love for that subject that deserves all of our appreciation has to be my #1 television series of all time.  This show is my equivalent of scripture.  It can very well be a sturdy base of morality in which to build and advance society.  If I ever have kids, I’ll be playing this to them for sure.  NBD.

Word on the street says ChadGasm sounds cool.  No big fucking deal or anything.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 02/24/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Characters of ChadGasm:
CHAD: The God of Badass, the anti-Christ, the sworn rival of Elohim.
ELOHIM: Mormonism™ inc. supreme being.  The creator of all that exists (Mormonism)
HEAVENLY MOTHER: One of Elohim’s plenty of squeezes.  The mother of all humanity.
CAIN (ROACH): Cursed with immortality and black skin for killing his brother Abel, this master theft, gunsman and salesman assists Chad through his journey.
THREE NEPHITES: Blessed with immortality and white skin, these 3 righteous lackeys of Elohim attempt to bring down Chad.
JOSEPH SMITH: The restorer of the true gospel of Jesus Christ.  Save Jesus only, this prophet, seer and revelator has done the most for the salvation of mankind.
BRIGHAM YOUNG: The 2nd prophet of Mormonism who led the pioneers across the plains to Salt Lake City, Utah, which “is the place.”

IN MY OTHER PANTS THERE’S A WALLET
(there’s a wallet motherfucker)
/Cool beerics bro

So I’ve had a couple of dreams the last few nights about me covering up some murdering I’ve been doing.  I realized that I’m not one who can deal with such responsibilities.  So that’s good.

Bandit slumps
JDAWGZZZ grumps
Kenni Lee dumps
Cory Bro Hydro cumps

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 02/26/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

SYNDICATE.
WE’RE THE SYNDICATE.
WE CALL OURSELVES THE SYNDICATE.
SYNDICATE.

The Utah Jazz have to have the largest foaming at the mouth, unfunny mentally handicapable fanbase in all pro sports.

BIG LEAGUES LORE
We don’t call ourselves The Big Leagues, we just ARE The Big Leagues.
Instead of a stupid goddamn name for our female counterpart like, “Ass Hoes” for “Axe Bros,” we got a cool one.  WNBA.  Fuck groups with shittier names.

BEST GROUP NAMES OF ALL TIME:
The Big Leagues > Al’Queda >> NASA > WNBA >> Cotton Pickers >>> KKK >>> HERE BE SLUMBERING DRAGONS >>> Mormonism >>> Creationists >>> HERE BE SLUMBERING HORSE-TRANQUILIZER RAPISTS >>>  Syndicate >>> Axe Bros >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Ass Hoes
/Consider everyone outside of us Pizza Hutted

WE HAVE A GODDAMN CORY, JEFFREY AND DEVYNN IN OUR GROUP.  AS LACKEYS.  ALSO A SLUMP, GRUMP, DUMP AND HYDRO CUMP (remember how Greg doesn’t like that joke?).  FUCK ME IF THAT DOESN’T DEMAND RESPECT.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 02/28/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

R.I.P. Vou Lauaki (first SHS 2005 graduate that I recall dying)
1987-2010

Now that he’s dead, my opinion of him has increased.  That would be gay if it was the end when hed ied.  Now that he’s met his match (a deadly dose of heroin), I am anguished to say that he did not deserve death.  Even though the natural laws that govern the universe and evolution through natural selection say he did in fact deserve to die, I would love to beg to differ.  I’m sick of being sarcastic.  He was a dumb fuck and he decided to act on an obviously stupid as shit thought.  He does not deserve this many words in this expansion pack to JRMK.  So forever and always, if the gentleman Vou is ever needed to be mentioned, it’ll be in a mocking and joking manner.  That is all.

I’m sure 34 is not going to appreciate our hilarious lulz about his timely, deserved death.  I wonder what Bandit will think.  He’ll probably get some lulz.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 03/03/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Gamestop girl = ultra cute timez.  IMHO, she has a wonderous display of evolutionary gold in Kenni Lee’s pupes.
/GET OFF MY CASE BY GETTING OUT OF MY TIME.
/Bandit lulz
/I paid off God of War III: Remorseful

So Bandit has been working on his recent album (WITH LYRICS OMFG).  My guess at the track listing:
1) One Hand-it, Bandit
2) Slump (Hey Bandit, Bandit, Bandit)
3) Boshiggit Express (My Point of View)
4) Oh My God (Is That A Sandwich?)
5) Doghouse Blues
6) + Speed (Acceleration is Physical)
7) Star Wars Shoes (My Next Paycheck (I’ll see how it looks))
8) We Used ta Be tha Shit (Somewhat! Somewhat!) [this is an interesting ballad]
9) My Solo Career is Better Than Your Solo Career
10) God’s Facts are Not My Facts
11) That Really Was a Really Nice Thing For Him to Do

WNBA LORE:
PG Megan (Captain)
SG Courtney
C   Squirrel Treats
SF Nessa
PF Brooke Wageman

BENCH:
G   RaNae Taylor
G   26 (27) year old
C   Fatlard Lamanite
F   40KUSDGF
F   Heather Wheeler

CLASSIC MARIO’S ACQUAINTANCE: Mother fuckin’ Dusty.  So Bryan used to meet up with this guy in SLC to buy sealed games he obtained one way or another.  He was always this super shady back-alley dealer-like, selling sealed games like I imagine someone selling heroin would, which, by the way, I’m going to try sometime.  So he goes unnoticed and unheard from for 3 or so years.  We all assumed he went to prison for good reason.  So he trots on in to Mario’s today, rests his elbows on the counter, pushing his head forward, and while those half-eaten teeth are exposed to me for the first time in years, he gently pushes the words out of his mouth, “Could you guys use?”  Realizing the familiarity of his greased back hair and skin, I say, “WTF?  Use?”  He replies, “Games, controllers, anything?”  I say to Dusty I say, “IDK, I’ll have to ask Bryan.”  So I call Bryan and we have a few lulz about his re-emergence into the society scene.

I still think he was in prison for a while in his Mario’s off-season.  And Bryan isn’t going to deal with a social leech such as himself anymore.  I give this experience 9/10 in lolz for Bryan, Jiason and me.  And if you ever want to call him, you can reach him @ 801-808-2068

I bought Half-Life for PS2.  Stick a goddamn fork up my jaw if I don’t play it.

I heard about your little escapade in note-form in WoW.  Now the Slumbering Dragons has as much freedom of speech as the C-Word aka pathetic etc.  I am so pissed off at you btw.  You are a huge jerk, and this totally shines some light on your inner most innards.  How is that for personal attacks?
/BeeTeeDub don’t take me SRSLY, because I’m JOCKING UR STRAP.  But seriously, you should know better than to pull a crank on an anti-lulz-master such as 34.  It truly is a shame that he isn’t who he isn’t (jk, but Simon and 34 matched up well for the C-Word since they both de-value the market value of freedom and liberty, and SIMON IS THE GODDAMN EXAMPLE OF AN AMERICAN SOLDIER LIKE CCB IS THE GODDAMN EXAMPLE OF ANTI-AMERICAN HEALTH.  ALSO HOW DOES A NARCOLEPTIC BRO SLEEP ONLY 12 HOURS IN A 15 DAY SPAN?).
/None of this will matter late in 2012

Gaeunt’s pale/redhead/wang worthy but kind of wang worthy girlfriend walked past Mario’s and gave me a wave and a friendly smile, subtly begging for Chubz to make a special appearance in her tight, wet, Caucasian as fuck pussy.  Then Gaeunt himself walked in while I was typing that and gave me quite the guilt-startle.  Eek!

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 03/03/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

So I went up to get some coffee, and while I was waiting the 5 minutes for it to be made, I was sitting at the table in the food court, while two tables away from me were two obviously Chrysalis, or even worse, beings with their capable watch-dog (non-handicapped person).  The one handicapped man kept making very loud noises and shaking, but not out of anger or any emotion.  It seemed to me at the very short glimpses that I looked that he was violently shaking due to extreme discomfort.  The noise sounded just like a very loud cold shiver that he couldn’t control.  I got to thinking that he must not enjoy life.  Living every minute in extreme discomfort doesn’t sound fine, but maybe he’s used to it.  But, being used to that gives you a completely different view on the world.  He may feel the basic emotions, but it’s hard for me to imagine it being any more advanced than the emotions coming from physical pain and pleasure.  He stays alive because (I hate to use the word humans here) us logical, capable humans keep him alive.  And I’d bet he can’t even make the decision to kill himself, because he doesn’t even understand that concept.  So he stays alive because human’s think it’s moral to when we have the capability to, when he can’t make the decision either way.  The result of him staying alive is a life full of perturbances, discomfort, little control over what he can do, I imagine less feelings of fulfillment and our tax-money, when they haven’t a chance at progressing anything in our society.  So we developed this morality long ago, when humans were scarce, and it actually meant survival.  Now that it doesn’t, we should stop giving ourselves moral BJs by keeping people alive when they don’t even appreciate it and it costing us a lot of money.  It seems a little self-serving if you really want to know.

Greg basically already has another girlfriend.  Dot dot dot… My chances are dwindled.  Also, he’s starting work again in a couple of weeks, so I hope you’re prepared to not hang out with him for 9 months ?  I’m quite sad about that, truth be told.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 03/13/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

“Step up to the line and take a shot.  This is the WNBA.”

I never would’ve thought this would happen to Greg.  Not that he fell in love, I knew he was bound to do that, but that he turned into a bitch with shitty bitch-humor.  I gotta say, my “farting out of your dick” joke was much better than the tickling, and here is why: the tickling was very middle school, it was making me uncomfortable enough to be rude about telling him to stop, then having to repeat it, every time getting more and more rude about it and making everyone else (besides that shitty-humored whore) feel awkward.  I was legitimately mad at him for it, and I was seriously about to punch him in the throat.  And earlier Gheybin made a joke about naming some team of theirs “Animal Liberation,” which is a TRBL goddamn name, and Greg would be one to know that, and he says, “Hahaha that’s a good one.”  So not only does he make shitty jokes, he now laughs at shitty ones, and what for?  SOME GODDAMN POON.  So I am currently very anti-Greg and Gheybin relationship.
/R.I.P. Cool and funny Greg
/Welcome to the world, Bitch-Humor-Greg, you are now less funny than CCB

The world is quickly changing.  Pornography is the savior for bitch-humor haters.  We can now spend our time exclusively on lulz, badassery, and sexism.

Selling your humor for some mediocre puss is so 2007.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 03/16/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Peter Jones’ sister is pretty hot in a “reminds Kenni Lee of a specific pornstar who he’s cranked his chode to a few times but can’t remember the pornstar’s name” sort of way.

Remember that time you, CCB and 34 hung out at Gamestop with me for a longer time than I played the game we were there to get?  Remember how I get fussy when people keep speaking aloud what I need to do to pass a point in the game?  I get annoyed easily by certain things, and that’s one of those things.  I enjoy my god-given liberty of freely moving anywhere the game allows at any time and get quite perturbed when the fun of figuring it out on my own is spoiled is the thing.  So yeah, I’m kind of high-maintenance when it comes to video games.  Eek.

Other than that, God of War III looks badass.  I’m way excited to keep playing it.  Maybe I’ll even beat it in less time than it took me to beat Mario Galaxy.

Tomorrow’s Day in JordanRead History:
03/17/09: “03/17/10: "OMFG I'M SO EXCITED TO PLAY SOME PS3 TONIGHT ETC.  GOD OF WAR III IS SO RAD AND LOOKS AMAZING!"”

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 03/20/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

JDAWGZZZ Parents’ House Hangout 2010:
David and Dan were fun guys.  We smoked a SRSLY dank as fuck fatty boom that made me really paranoid and almost cry to some beautiful Bandit piano music.  While he was playing, I thought of this story to go along with the song, which was pretty heart-string-pulling.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 03/25/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

So I helped Janae move today, and on the drive up to her apartment with my mom, we hear this joke on some satellite radio station about how girls will see a ring that normally costs 1200 USD but it's on sale for 600 USD, so she'll say to herself, “It cost 600 USD but I saved 600 USD so it's basically free, now I have 600 USD to spend since I saved it.”  My mom turns to me to see that I'm not smiling or laughing like her and my sister were and says, “that's really how us girls' logic works.”  I lulled to myself about that.  Total CCB by my mother.  CERBA.

And before we started moving, we stopped by a Walkers in Pleasent Grove, and who do I run into?  GREG MOTHER FUCKING “LESS FUNNY WHEN HE'S IN LOVE” WILSON with his work posse.  That was actually kind of weird; I walked in, see Greg chatting with a table-full of work buddies and I go up and exclaim, “Greg Wilson!” and walked away lol.

And then I set the tea I bought on the counter, and my recently returned missionary cousin who was helping says all of a sudden, “I'm forced to say that that stuff isn't good for you.”  I reply with a, “well I disagree, there's loads of anti-oxidants and no sugar, it's actually really good for you.”  He then, surprisingly enough, says, “Yeah, I know, I just have to say that.”  I lul inside and say, “Why are you okay with spitting out lies if you know they're false?”  He says, “well we should follow the commandments of God.  It may be good for your body, but it's not good for your spirit.”  Goddamn am I glad to be away from Smitties.  They're so goddamn obnoxious.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 03/26/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Richard Feynman is quite the lulz-worthy fellow.  He talks about “lucid dreaming” in his book I’m reading, and how he messed around with it at MIT and says, “Well, I began to get excited, intellectually as well as sexually, saying things like, ‘Wow!  It’s working!’ and I woke up.”  So yeah etc, legit shit etc.

Scott got my PS3 to be able to read and play shit from my pc via the network, and it works in a, “we don’t need Jiason’s goddamn XBOX anymore” sort of way.  Quite exciting.  Also, he was explaining that I can sync my PSP to my PS3, connect my PSP to Wi-Fi and turn my PS3 on and play videos that are on it with my PSP when I’m out and about.  So yeah, fuck yeah etc.

Also, speaking of Scott Keller guy, he bought me a goddamn “water pipe” (politically correct term for a bong) yesterday.  Goddamn generous use of his multi-thousand USD lifestyle if I do say so my own damn self.  He says CCB cannot smoke out of it though, but you know what?  I’m gonna let him!  Goddamn burned, Syndicate Cory!

Serious consideration and thought has been put into the idea of holding a “trailer art show” at the N-Word itself.  “No rules, no guidelines, just art for those who appreciate it most.” –our motto.  Probably.  But I can display the sick shit I’ve done out in the open, invite Janae and Rasty and have them never speak to us ever again, inform all who attend that the trailer-life is more than big TVs, Nascar and domestic abuse; that this wonderful environment allows a unique lifestyle and works hand-in-hand with all that is good in society: freedom of expression, ideology and assembly, etc.

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 03/27/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Cool Cory Bro: The first person ever (besides Benjamin Button) who can order off the kid's menu and get the senior citizen discount.

I don't know but I've been told
That Cory Bro is twelve years old
I don't know if you've been listenin'
But Cory Bro's a senior citizen

Scott is a pretty lulz-worthy gentleman, I gotta say.  I wish we could lul with him more often.  Those “young/old” jokes hit the lulz spot.

I WANT TO PLAY HEAVY RAIN ETC EEK ERK CORY BRO IS TWELVE YEARS OLD AND A SENIOR CITIZEN HE IS GROWING HAIR DOWNSTAIRS AND LOSING HAIR UPSTAIRS WTF IS HIS GODDAMN MEDICAL ISSUE THAT SICK FUCK?

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 03/31/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Oh my god.  This guy is doing some stupid stand-up act to me about going back in time, taking a 360 and a Wii to when Sega was about to release the Dreamcast, letting them take the technology and doing a newscast: "In other news, Sega sold a lot of Dreamcasts and did very well advertising it!"  And kept going.  Oh my God people are unfunny as fuck.  Is it that I use my humor as a crutch in such a way that he's not funny or is it that he uses his TRBL nerdability as a crutch in such a way that he's not funny?

YAY YOU'RE HOT UNTIL YOU'RE 30 THEN YOU'RE GOING TO WRINKLE UP ONE DAY AND REALIZE THAT NO ONE WANTS TO FUCK YOU ANYMORE WAT A LIFE WAT A DREAM.
/Every hot girl is a stupid bitch

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx 04/03/10 xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Kenni Lee

Right this very second, there is a cult authority, up on some pedestal, discussing to some older gentlemen, who are responsible for the well-being of the younger generation, of whom many are also in attendance, about the immorality of completely natural desires and experiences, creating in everybody (I assume) some troubled thoughts and difficult challenges between what feels to be natural and necessary and what is constantly warned to them will be the downfall of their very existence.  What is the actual immoral thing done here?  So, not only do I disagree with what they say, I think what they’re doing is entirely immoral and damages plenty of innocent people who know no better.  It’s pure thought control.  Fuck Thomas S. Monson and the rest, they’re old enough to know better.

Continuation of “Mom” by Andrew Meek:
The two years are over, mom, and I'm back from the mission field!
I met a pretty young female and we're gonna get sealed!
Quiet and still
She's from Brazil


Wait, what?  Why do you dissaprove of my beautiful love?!
Your recent troubles you need to just rise above, mom!
It won't be long!
God doesn't allow racism in the Celestial Kingdom anymore, mom!
She's not a whore, mom!

I called the wedding off, mom!

Because you're my mom, mom!
...And I love you, mom...

Goes perfectly hand-in-hand with "Dad" by Goldfinger and "Life of a Salesman" by Yellowcard

