1823 tried to grab but was shocked

1824 in attempt to get golden plates, moroni tells him to bring his oldest brother
alvin died
"do everything that lies in your power to obtain the Record. Be faithful in receiving instruction, and in keeping every commandment that is given you."
-Alvin

fucking god just laughing, that cunt

rumors alvin's body was stolen and disected
joseph sr posted announcement in local paper 5 days in a row, saying he dug up to prove body was still there

or as an excuse to their digging up the grave

joseph sr true blue believer

joseph sr is a wackjob

I am mortified that this wonderful power which God had so miraculously given you should be used only in search of filther lucre. I trust that the Son of Righteousness would some day illumine the heart of the boy, and enable him to see His will concerning him."
Joe Sr.

Urim and Thummim - Nephite interpreters

The 1827 attempt to retrieve the plates used all of the same elements of treasure digging as the first two, including a reliance on the color black and retrieving the plates at the most powerful time in magic – 2 am on the autumnal equinox:
 

“He borrowed Joseph Knight’s black horse and a carriage. He acquired black clothes, and there exists a receipt for the purchase of “lamp black” (paint) from the Palmyra store four days prior. Several friends and neighbors corroborated the requirement for total blackness during this critical visit to the hill, and his mother mentioned it in her Biographical Sketches.

Joseph’s sister stated that he was to appear at two o’clock—the powerful hour of Saturday morning over which his ruling planet Jupiter presided. Oliver Cowdery’s first published history of Smith used the terms “necromancy” and “enchantment” to describe this event.” (Folk Magic / Treasure Digging, Mormon Stories)


Emma went in 1827 but wasn't allowed to see the digging/treasure
Moroni required the color black
Joeseph "then took the plates and hid them in an old black oak tree top which was hollow." which would be safe until he obtained a lockbox.

Autumnal equinox


