illegal - commonly practiced and harmful, obvious fraud
oliver cowder has dowsing/divining rod
peepstone like the palantir lord of the rings

jupiter talisman (look up more info)

low opinion of the practice

miner's hill - one of joe's treasure digs - huge cavelike hole


1820: later retroactive addition of first vision
1822: finds seer stone in a dig at willard chase's property (the one mighty and strong) - who is sally chase?
1822: begins "career" as a treasure digger
1826: Josiah Stowell trial
1826-1827: digging likely occurs when working for Joseph Knight
1827: promises to give it up for Isaac Hale (Emma's dad)


hiram page (one of the 8 witnesses) gets revelations for the church off of his stone, believed by many to be getting legit revelations

1836 salem dig? whoah. revelation: heavily in debt (d&c 111) god told him he'd find gold and silver in salem, but doesn't happen. god is a weiner.

"For in the time of their digging for money and not finding it attainable, Joe Smith told them there was a charm on the pots of money, and if some animal was killed and the blood sprinkled around the place, then they could get it. So they killed a dog and tried this method of obtaining the precious metal; but again money was scarce in those diggings. Still, they dug and dug, but never came to the precious treasure. Alas! how vivid was the expectation when the blood of poor Tray was used to take off the charm, and after all to find their mistake, that it did not speak better things than that of Abel. And now they were obliged to give up in despair, and Joseph went home again to his father's, in Palmyra."
Life Among the Mormons, Emily M Austin, 1882.
3 sources total of this practice apparently

Guardian spirits
with treasure digging the belief is that a guardian spirit was left to protect the treasure and thus the rituals and sacrifices were done to appease the spirit. Often the guardian spirit was murdered and buried with the treasure. Lead that into Moroni showing Joe the plates.

Once the rituals and sacrifices were complete, Joseph Smith put his peep/seer stone in a hat, put his face completely in the hat, and could see the location from the stone.

"which Joseph, Jr., could see, by placing a stone of singular appearance in his hat, in such a manner as to exclude all light; at which time they pretended he could see all things within and under the earth."
-William Stafford, 1833

"This power he pretended to have received through the medium of a stone of peculiar quality. The stone was placed in a hat, in such a manner as to exclude all light, except that which emanated from the stone itself. This light of the stone, he pretended, enabled him to see any thing he wished."
-Joseph Capron, 1833

Excuses:
The incantations were not said exactly right
The rituals were not followed to the exact method to appease the spirits
Guardian spirits were too strong and seer could no longer see the treasure
Someone made a mistake during the digging that offended the spirits

JOSIAH STOWELL TRIAL

Josiah Stowell, who was paying for the dig, similarly described a dig in which the "money moved down" beyond their reach.

Trial record was found: guilty!

joseph put a feather in the ground then seers the location duping chump josiah stowell

apologist: this just prepared joe for angel moroni shit because god needed him to believe in the magical worldview or he woudn't believe the angelic visit.

god's all slipperin' the treasure away from joe like a little prankster cunt

Amazing
Helaman 13:31,35-36
31 And behold, the time cometh that he curseth your riches, that they become slippery, that ye cannot hold them; and in the days of your poverty ye cannot retain them.

35 Yea, we have hid up our treasures and they have slipped away from us, because of the curse of the land.

36 O that we had repented in the day that the word of the Lord came unto us; for behold the land is cursed, and all things are become slippery, and we cannot hold them.


